What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little neckbeard? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in bragposting, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on BestOf, and I have over 300 confirmed Quality Posts. I am trained in conservative butthurt and I’m the top helvetica in the entire complainpire. You are nothing to me but just another neckbeard. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision complaining the likes of which has never been seen before on this Reddit, mark my fucking [confirmed novel]. You think you can get away with circlejerking that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, neckbeard. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of CBers across SRS-lite and your dox are being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, neckbeard. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your karma. You’re fucking spoken unkindly of, neckbeard. I can be in any subreddit, anytime, and I can complain about you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed vote brigading, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Complainpire-Fempire Alliance and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of Reddit, you little neckbeard. If only you could have known what unholy [EFFORT POSTS] your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking hand from jerking your dick. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn neckbeard. I will shit vitriolic complaining all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking bemoaned, neckbeard.
