What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I'm at the top of my class, and I’ve been involved in numerous leadership roles in my school, and I have over 300 college recommendations. I am trained in writing essays and I’m the top essayist in the entire US. You are nothing to me but just another anti-Intellectual. I will wipe your chances of ever being on the top of your class mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my AP teachers and my network of college principals across the US and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your education. You’re fucking uneducated, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can ruin your chances of getting into Princeton in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in memorizing SAT words, but I have access to the entire application process of Harvard University and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your little miserable education off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you could have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking uneducated, kiddo.
