What the le fuck did you just le fucking say about le me, you le little bitch? I'll le have you know I le graduated top of my le class in the le Navy Seals, and I've le been involved in le numerous secret raids on le Al-Quaeda, and I le have over le 300 confirmed le kills. I am le trained in le monkey face warfare and I'm the top le sniper in the le entire le US armed forces. You are le nothing to le me but just another le target. I will le wipe you the le fuck out with le precision the likes of which le has never been le seen before on this le Earth, mark my le fucking words. You le think you can le get away with le saying that le shit to me over le the Internet? Think again, le fucker. As we le speak I am le contacting my le secret network of le spies across the le USA and your IP is being le traced right now so you le better prepare for the le storm, maggot. The le storm that le wipes out the pathetic le little thing you le call your le life. You're fucking dead, le kid. I can be le anywhere, le anytime, and I can le kill you in over le seven hundred ways, and le that's just with my le bare hands. Not only am I le extensively le trained in le unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire le arsenal of the le United States Marine Corps and I will le use it to its le full extent to le wipe your le miserable ass off the le face of the le continent, you le little shit. If only you le could have known what le unholy retribution your le little "clever" le comment was about to le bring down upon you, maybe you would have le held your le fucking tongue. But you le couldn't, you le didn't, and now you're le paying the le price, you le goddamn idiot. I will le shit fury le all over you and you le will le drown in it. You're le fucking dead, le kiddo.
