What the fuck did you just fucking say about My Little Pony, you bucking foal? I’ll have you know it's ranked top out of all the shows on the Hub, and it has been won numerous awards, and has over 300 thousand confirmed fans. Lauren Faust is trained in sociology and has the top team in the entire cartoon industry. You are nothing to them but just another target. They will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this subreddit, mark my bucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit about My Little Pony over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak this I am contacting my secret network of bronies across the USA and your IP is being doxxed right now so you better prepare for the friendship cannon, coltcuddler. The friendship that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re bucking dead, foal. Navy Seal copypastas can be anywhere, anytime, and they can confuse you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with mad-lib permutations. Not only are they extensively trained in trolling, but they have access to the entire arsenal of Anonymous and will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the Internet, you little shit. If only you could have known what chaotic retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your bucking muzzle. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn canter. I will shit love and tolerance all over you and you will drown in it. You’re bucking dead, kiddo.
