What the fuck did you just fucking say about Neil, you little bitch? I’ll have you know he graduated top of his class at Columbia University, and he's been involved in numerous secret raids on theists, and has over 300 confirmed quotes. He is trained in intellectual warfare and he's the top quote maker in the entire US science community. You are nothing to him but just another target. He will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to him over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak he is contacting his secret network of scientists across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. Neil can be anywhere, anytime, and he can educate you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with his bare quotes. Not only is Neil extensively trained in science, but he has access to the entire dictionary of the English language and he will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. Neil will shit quotes all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
