What the fuck did you just fucking say about my money, you little serf? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Mormon Church, and I’ve been involved in numerous missionary trips to France, and I have over 300 confirmed conversions. I am trained in gorilla brainwashing and I’m the top bullshitter in the entire US Mormon congregation. You are nothing to me but just another pleb. I will wipe you the fuck out with unlimited funds the likes of which has never been seen before in this country, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with calling me out on my lies over the Internet? Think again, peasant. As we speak I am contacting the NSA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the illegal raid, fucker. The raid that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your bank account. You’re fucking poor, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can outspend you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my walking-around money. Not only am I extensively trained in bankrupting companies, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and I will use it to its full extent to "suicide" your little miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy debt your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you could have held your fucking magic underwear. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn democrat. I will shit money all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, libtard.
