What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little shitlord? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in Women's Studies, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on /r/seduction, and I have over 300 confirmed bens. I am trained in vote brigading and I’m the top Archangelle in the entire Fempire. You are nothing to me but just another bigot. I will ben you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over Reddit? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of gynquisitors across the Fempire and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that bens the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking benned, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can ben you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in moderation, but I have access to the entire dildz arsenal of the Fempire and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shitlord. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “shitty” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn SAWCSM. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking benned, shitlord.
