What the fucking fuck did you just shitpost about me, you size-challenged neckbeard? I'll have you know I graduated in the middle of my class in Womyn's Studies, and I've been involved in numerous secret downvote brigades on /r/adviceanimals, and I have over 300 confirmed bens. I am trained in looking like a gorilla and I'm the top commenter in the entire feminist blogosphere. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will gripe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen upon this Earth, you mark my words. You think you can get away with posting that 'funny' shit to me over the internet? Think again, privileged little penis. As we speak I am contacting my vast network of legbeards across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better get ready for the 'jerk, shitlord. The 'jerk that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, sawcasm. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can ben you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare dildz. Not only am I extensively trained in Feminism 101, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Department of Gender Studies and I will use it to its full extent to wall of text your miserable ass off the face of the fempire, you little shitlord. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "edgy" comment was about to bring upon you, maybe you would have checked your fucking privilege. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, cis scum. I will loose the fury of my lunar flow all over you and you will drown in it.
